Word 1: PARAPHRASE

To restate, put what someone else has expressed into different words.
重新表述, 将他人表达的内容以不同的词汇呈现.

The noun a paraphrase is a restatement of a text or passage to give the sense of the original in fuller terms.
名词paraphrase指对一篇文章或一段文字进行重新表述, 旨在用更详尽的术语传达原文的本意.

The verb to paraphrase means to restate something, giving the meaning in another form.
动词paraphrase意思是重新表述某事, 以另一种形式表达其含义.

To quote and to paraphrase are sharply distinguished.
"quote"与"paraphrase"有着严格的区别.

To quote is to use or repeat the words of someone else, giving acknowledgment to the source.
"quote"是指使用或重复他人的原话, 并注明来源.

To paraphrase is to restate in different words what someone else has said or written.
"paraphrase"是用不同的词汇重述他人已经说过或写过的内容.

Word 2: OSTENSIBLE

Apparent, appearing or seeming to be true, professed or declared as true without being demonstrated or proved.
表面上的, 看似真实的, 在未经证明或证实的情况下被宣称为真实的.

More Difficult synonyms of ostensible include plausible and specious.
ostensible更难一些的同义词包括plausible和specious.

Specious, however, has the negative suggestion of using deception to make something false appear true.
然而, specious带有负面暗示, 即指通过欺骗手段使虚假的事物看起来像是真的.

A specious argument is one that looks good on the surface but is flawed underneath.
一个"似是而非的论点"(specious argument), 是指表面上看起来不错，但本质上上存在缺陷.

Ostensible is often used in opposition to real or actual.
Ostensible通常作为real(真实的)或actual(实际的)的反义对立词.

An ostensible motive is not necessarily a real motive; an ostensible advantage is not necessarily an actual advantage.
表面上的动机(ostensible motive)未必是真实的动机; 表面上的优势(ostensible advantage)也未必是实际的优势.

Ostensible means apparent, stated as true but not necessarily proved.
Ostensible的意思是表面看来如此的, 被宣称为真实的, 但未必被证明的.

Word 3 DIGRESS

To wander, stray from the point, ramble, deviate, go off another direction.
离题, 偏离主题, 东拉西扯, 偏离方向, 转向别的方向.

Digress comes from the Latin digressus, which comes in turn from the prefix dis-, apart, and gradi, to go, walk, step.
Digress源自拉丁语digressus, 而digressus又源于前缀dis-(分开)和gradi(走, 步, 踏)

Digress means literally to go apart, walk away.
Digress的字面意思是"走开, 步离".

From the same Latin source come ingress, the place you walk in, the entrance; and egress, the place you walk out, the exit.
同样的拉丁语来源还产生了ingress(进入的地方, 即入口)和egress(走出去的地方, 即出口).

Digress once was used of physical wandering or turning aside, but that sense is now archaic, which means old-fashioned.
Digress过去曾用于表示身体上的游走或转向, 但这种用法现在已经是archaic(古语的, 过时的)

Today we do not say, "She turned right and digressed down Main Street." Instead, digress is used of speaking or writing that departs from the main point or subject at hand and wanders off in another direction:
现今, 我们不会说："她向右转, 然后顺着主干道digressed下去了." 相反, digress现在用于指说话或写作偏离主要观点或当前主题，并转向其他方向.

"In a business report or an oral presentation, it's important to stick to the facts and not digress";
"在商业报告或口头陈述中, 紧扣事实而不跑题是非常重要的."

"if she hadn't digressed so much, her lecture would have been more interesting."
"如果她没有离题太多, 她的讲座本可以更有趣."

The corresponding noun is digression: "The old man's story was full of humorous digressions."
对应的名词是digression: "老人的故事里充满了幽默的题外话."

词组/短语:

go off in another direction: 转向别的方向 
Stray from the point/Depart from the point: 偏离要点
go off in another direction: 转向别的方向
at hand: 当前的, 手头的
stick to the facts: 坚持事实
oral presentation: 口头报告
full of: 充满
turn aside: 转向一边
from the same Latin source: 来自同一个拉丁语来源

Word 4: UNCANNY

Eerie, strange, weird, mysterious: "an uncanny experience."
离奇的, 奇怪的, 怪异的, 神秘的: 一次离奇的经历.

Uncanny may refer to something that is strange in an unnatural or unearthly way, something whose strangeness is unsettling or even frightening.
Uncanny可以指某种以非自然(unnatural)或超凡脱俗(unearthly)的方式显得奇怪的事物, 事物的奇怪程度令人不安, 甚至令人恐惧.

Uncanny may also be used to mean beyond what is normal or expected, strange in a remarkable or marvellous way, as "an uncanny resemblance," or "uncanny ability."
Uncanny也可以用来表示超出常态或预期, 即以一种非凡或惊人的方式表现出的奇怪, "惊人的相似" 或者 "惊人的能力"

词组/短语:

an uncanny experience: 一次离奇的经历
in an unnatural way: 以不自然的方式
in an unearthly way: 以非尘世的方式/超凡脱俗
beyond what is normal or expected: 超出正常或预期范围
an uncanny resemblance: 惊人的相似

Word 5: CANDOR (英式拼法是 CANDOUR)

Frankness, openness, sincere expression.
坦率, 开放, 真诚的表达.

Synonyms include straightforwardness, outspokenness, forthrightness, and ingenuousness.
同义词包括: 直率, 直言不讳, 直截了当, 以及天真淳朴(率真).

Candor is the noun; the adjective is candid, frank, open, sincere.
Candor是名词, 形容词形式是 坦率的, 直率的, 开放的, 真诚的.

The candid person expresses his or her thoughts frankly and openly, with no hesitation.
一个坦率的人会毫不犹豫地, 直率而公开地表达他或她的想法.

The forthright person speaks directly to the point, plainly and sometimes bluntly, in a no-nonsense manner.
一个直率的人说话直奔主题, 表达清楚, 有时甚至直言不讳, 以一种不讲废话的方式说话.

The ingenuous person speaks honestly and sincerely, with no hint of evasiveness or deception. 
一个率真的人说话诚实真挚, 没有逃避或欺骗的倾向.

词组/短语:

with no hesitation: 毫不犹豫地
directly to the point: 直奔主题
speak to the point: 说话切中要点
with no hint of……: 毫无……的迹象
frankly and openly: 坦率公开地
express one's thoughts: 表达某人的想法
In a no-nonsense manner: 以不讲废话的方式

Word 6: MOROSE

Gloomy, moody, glum, grumpy, ill-tempered, depressed.
阴沉的, 情绪多变的, 闷闷不乐的, 脾气暴躁的, 坏脾气的, 沮丧的.

"After weeks of futile job-hunting, he became morose."
"在几周徒劳无功地找工作之后, 他变得郁郁寡欢."

More difficult synonyms of morose include dolorous, which means mournful, full of sadness; lugubrious, which means extremely gloomy or dismal; and saturnine, which means having a bitter disposition or sour outlook on life.
morose更难的同义词包括: Dolorous, 意为忧伤的, 充满悲哀的; lugubrious, 意为极度忧郁的, 阴沉凄惨的; saturnine, 意为性情苦闷, 对人生持悲观苦涩态度的. 

Antonyms —— words opposite in meaning —— include optimistic, jovial, and sanguine, which means having a cheerful, confident outlook on life.
反义词 —— 意思相反的词 —— 包括 optimistic(乐观的), jovial(愉快的, 高兴的)和sanguine(意为对生活持有乐观, 自信的看法).

Sullen and morose are close in meaning.
Sullen和morose意思相近. 

When you refuse to speak or associate with people because you're in a bad mood, you are being sullen.
当你因为心情不好而拒绝说话或与人交往时, 你就是sullen(愠怒而沉默的).

When you are depressed and silent because you are feeling bitter or resentful, you are morose.
当你因为感到愤恨或怨恨而情绪低落, 沉默寡言时, 你就是morose(阴郁的).

Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary, tenth edition, says that morose suggests "bitterness or misanthropy."
<Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary(韦氏大学词典)> 第十版指出, morose 暗示"愤恨或厌世"

Misanthropy is hatred of humankind, a spiteful or pessimistic attitude about the human race.
Misanthropy指对人类的憎恨, 对人类抱有恶意或悲观的态度.

Moroseness is ill-tempered, bitter gloominess.
Moroseness指脾气暴躁, 怨恨的阴郁.

词组/短语:

Job-hunting: 求职/找工作
Associate with (someone): 与(某人)交往, 联系或打交道
In a bad mood: 心情不好
Outlook on life: 人生观/对生活的看法
Opposite in meaning: 意思相反
Hatred of (something/someone): 对……的憎恨

Word 7: ADEPT

Skilled.
熟练的, 精通的.

Synonyms include handy, clever, able, deft, expert, adroit, dexterous, and proficient.
同义词包括: handy(手巧的), clever(聪明的), able(有能力的), deft(灵巧的), expert(专家级的), adroit(娴熟的), dexterous(灵巧的), proficient(熟练的)

Adept comes from the Latin adeptus, an alchemist who has learned how to do the impossible —— change base metals into gold.
Adept词来源于拉丁语adeptus, 原指一位炼金术士, 那种学会如何完成"不可能之事"的人——把普通金属变成黄金.

The noun an adept means a highly skilled person, an expert.
名词adept指的是一个高度熟练的人, 一位专家.

The adjective adept means skilled, dexterous, proficient: "He was adept at managing his investments, and they always turned a handsome profit."
形容词adept意为熟练的, 灵巧的, 精通的: 他非常擅长管理自己的投资，而且这些投资总能获得可观的利润.

词组/短语:

be adept at: 擅长……
turn a profit: 盈利, 赚钱
a handsome profit: 可观的利润

Word 8: SATURATED

Soaked, thoroughly wet, full of moisture.
浸透的, 彻底湿掉的, 充满水分的.

Synonyms include drenched, steeped, permeated, impregnated, imbued, and sodden.
同义词包括: drenched(湿透的), steeped(浸泡过的), permeated(渗透的), impregnated(浸渍的), imbued(充满/灌输的)以及sodden(沉湎/湿透的).

Sodden may mean heavy with moisture, soggy, or dull, stupefied, expressionless, as from drinking too much liquor.
Sodden 还可以表示含水过多而湿软, 也可以表示因饮酒过量而迟钝, 呆滞, 面无表情.

To saturate means to soak or wet thoroughly, either literally, as in "My french fries are saturated with oil," or figuratively: "The company saturated the media with ads for its new product."
To saturate的意思是彻底浸湿,完全浸透, 既可以用于字面意义, 例如："我的炸薯条被油浸透了", 也可以用于比喻意义, 例如: "公司为新产品, 在媒体上投放了铺天盖地的广告." 

Saturation is the corresponding noun.
Saturation是其对应的名词形式.

词组/短语:

heavy with……：充满……的, 因……而沉重的
from + doing: 表示"由于……而" as from drinking too much liquor

Word 9 Pragmatic

Practical having to do with actual practice, concerned with everyday affairs as opposed to theory or speculation.
务实的, 与实际操作有关的, 关注日常事务，而非理论或推测.

Pragmatic comes from the Latin pragmaticus, which means skilled in business or law.
Pragmatic源自拉丁语pragmaticus, 意为精通业务或法律.

The lawyer is concerned with evidence and proof; The businessperson is concerned with facts and figures.
律师关注的是证据与证明; 商人关注的是事实与数据.

Both have little time for idle speculation or harebrained schemes.
两者都没有时间进行无谓的推测或异想天开的计划.

Both must be pragmatic, concerned with practice, everyday affairs.
两者都必须是务实的, 关注实践与日常事务.

词组/短语:

Have to do with: 与……有关
Concerned with: 关注……/与……有关
As opposed to: 而非……/与……截然不同
Idle speculation: 无谓的推测/瞎猜
Harebrained schemes: 异想天开的计划/鲁莽的方案
Have little time for: 没时间理会/不屑于

Word 10: CONGENIAL

Sympathetic, agreeable, compatible, kindred, harmonious, having the same taste, nature, or temperament.
富有同情心的, 令人愉快的, 相容的, 同类的, 和谐的, 具有相同的品味, 天性或性情的.

Congenial persons have similar or sympathetic tastes, interests, or personalities.
意气相投的人拥有相似或相近的品味, 兴趣或人格.

Congenial things agree, go well together.
相宜的事彼此协调, 能够很好地搭配在一起.

Antonyms, or opposites, of congenial are alien, dissident and incongruous.
Congenial的反义词或者相反的词是, alien(不相容的/陌生的), dissident(持不同意见的), incongruous(不协调的, 不一致的).

词组/短语:

Go well together: 意为"相得益彰", "很搭"或"和谐共处", 常用于形容食物搭配, 衣服颜色或人际关系.

Let's review the keywords you've just learned.
让我们复习一下你刚刚学过的关键词.

Consider the following questions and decide whether the correct answer is yes or no.
思考以下问题, 并判断正确答案是"是"还是"否"

Answers appear on page 22.
答案在第22页出现.

1. When you paraphrase something, can you change the wording?
当你改述某件事时, 你可以改变措辞吗?

2. Is an ostensible reason always a true reason?
一个表面上的理由一定是真正的理由吗?

3. Would someone who speaks with candor be likely to digress?
一个说话坦率的人会很可能离题吗?

4. Would seeing a UFO or finding a million dollars in the street be an uncanny experience?
在街上看到UFO或捡到一百万美元, 会不会是一种不可思议的经历?

5. Can you describe a morose person as congenial?
你能把一个忧郁的人描述为性格随和吗?

6. Does an adept worker do a job well?
一名熟练的工人能把工作做好吗?

7. Would a pragmatic person be likely to make a business decision based on a hunch?
一个务实的人会很可能根据直觉来做商业决策吗？

8. Can the market ever be saturated with competing products?
市场会被竞争产品填满至饱和吗?

词组/短语:

decide whether…or…: 决定是否……
be likely to:很可能……
based on: 基于
Saturated with: 充满……, 在……方面达到饱和

Here are the next ten keywords in Level One:
这里是第一等级的接下来十个关键词:

Word 11: CAPRICIOUS

Unpredictable, tending to change abruptly for no apparent or logical reason.
不可预测的, 倾向于在没有明显或合理理由的情况下突然改变. 

Synonyms of capricious include flighty, changeable, impulsive, and fickle.
capricious的同义词包括: flighty(轻浮善变的), changeable(易变的), impulsive(冲动的)和fickle(反复无常的,薄情的).

More difficult synonyms include erratic, whimsical, volatile, and mercurial.
难度更高的同义词包括: erratic(反复无常的), whimsical(异想天开的), volatile(情绪多变的), mercurial(善变的).

A caprice is a sudden change of mind or change in the emotions.
caprice指的是: 突然改变主意或情绪的突然变化.

A person or a thing that is subject to caprice -- to abrupt, unpredictable changes:
一个受caprice支配的人或事物——即会发生突然且不可预测变化的:

"He's so capricious, his mood changes with the wind";
"他太善变了, 情绪随风而变."

"New England has a capricious climate";
"新英格兰的气候变化无常."

"The stock market is notoriously capricious."
"股市是出了名的瞬息万变."

Did you notice that my recommended pronunciation for capricious is kuh-PRISH-us, the second syllable rhyming with wish?
你是否注意到, 我推荐的capricious发音是kuh-PRISH-us, 其中第二个音节与wish押韵.

You will hear educated speakers say kuh-PREE-shus, a pronunciation based on the corresponding noun caprice (kuh-PREES).
你会听到受过良好教育的人读作kuh-PREE-shus, 这种发音是基于其对应的名词caprice(kuh-PREES)而来.

This variant has been recognized by American dictionaries since the 1960s.
这种变体自1960年代起就已经被美国词典承认.

But authorities have preferred kuh-PRISH-us since the 18th century, when pronunciation was first recorded.
但自18世纪首次记录发音以来, 权威人士一直更青睐kuh-PRISH-us.

Current American dictionaries list kuh-PRISH-us first, and it is the only pronunciation in the Oxford English Dictionary.
目前的美国词典将kuh-PRISH-us列为首选, 且它也是<牛津英语词典>中唯一的发音.

Have you ever heard anyone put an E in the middle of suspicious, judicious, or avaricious?
你曾听过有人在suspicious(怀疑的), judicious(明智的)或avaricious(贪婪的), 中间加一个"E"的发音吗?

Rhyme capricious with delicious.
请把capricious和delicious押韵来读.

词组/短语:

Subject to: 易受……影响的, 取决于……的
Based on: 基于……, 根据……
Rhyme with: 与……押韵
tend to do something: 倾向于做某事
change of mind: 改变主意
list something first: 把某项列为首选

Work 12: BLATANT

Noisy, disagreeable or offensively loud, boisterous, clamorous:
吵闹的, 令人讨厌的或刺耳的大声喧哗的, 喧闹的, 吵吵嚷嚷的:

"The blatant sound of horns honking in heavy traffic."
"拥挤交通中刺耳的鸣笛声."

Blatant is also used to mean sticking out in a glaring way, obtrusive, flagrant, as in "a blatant lie," "a blatant error," "a blatant attempt to impress the boss."
Blatant也用于表示以一种显眼的方式突出, 招摇或公然的, 例如: "弥天大谎", "显而易见的错误", "明目张胆地试图讨好老板"

In either sense, blatant suggests something conspicuous and disagreeable.
无论在哪种语境下, blatant都暗示着某种引人注目且令人反感的事物.

词组/短语:

Heavy traffic: 交通拥堵/车流量大
Horns honking: 鸣笛/按喇叭
Stick out: 显眼, 突出
In a glaring way: 以一种极其显眼(通常指刺眼或负面)的方式
A blatant lie:	弥天大谎/睁眼说瞎话
In either sense: 无论在哪种意义上
a blatant error: 明显的错误
attempt to do something: 试图做某事

Word 13: OBLIGATORY

Required, necessary, binding, mandatory.
必需的, 必要的, 有约束力的, 强制性的.

Obligatory duties are those you must perform to fulfill an obligation or responsibility.
义务性职责是指为了履行责任或义务而必须执行的任务.

Doing miscellaneous paperwork is an obligatory function of the clerical worker.
处理各种杂项文书工作是文职人员的一项必须履行职责.

Do not pronounce the initial o in obligatory like the o in open.
不要把obligatory开头的字母 o 发成像open中的 o 那样的音.

Pronounce it like the a in above.
它应该发成类似above中 a 的音.

词组/短语:

fulfill an obligation: 履行义务
fulfill a responsibility: 承担/履行责任

Work 14: NEGLIGIBLE

Unimportant, trifling, of little consequence.
不重要的, 琐碎的, 无关紧要的.

That which is negligible can be neglected.
那些为微不足道(negligible)的事物是可以被忽略(neglected)的

A negligible concern can be disregarded;
一个微不足道的(negligible)顾虑可以不予理会;

it is so trivial and insignificant that it warrants little or no attention.
它是如此琐碎且无足轻重,以至于几乎不值得任何关注.

词组/短语:

of little consequence: 无足轻重, 不重要
little or no……: 几乎没有或完全没有
warrant attention: 值得关注/需要关注
warrants little or no attention: 几乎不值得任何关注

Word 15: ADAMANT

Unyielding, immovable, inflexible, refusing to give in, unshakable, unrelenting, implacable.
不屈服的, 不可动摇的, 僵化的, 拒绝让步的, 坚定不移的, 毫不松懈的, 难以安抚的.

"She was adamant in her opposition to the plan."
"她坚决反对这个计划."

The adjective adamant comes from the noun adamant, which refers to a hard substance and stone, such as a diamond, that in ancient times was believed to be unbreakable.
形容词adamant源自名词adamant, 该名词指一种极坚硬的物质或石头, 比如钻石, 在古代被认为具有不可破碎的特性.

There is an old word adamantine, still listed in current dictionaries but not often used;
还有一个古老的单词adamantine, 虽然仍被收录在现行词典中, 但不常使用;

it means like adamant, very hard, unbreakable.
它的意思是像adamant一样, 非常坚硬, 不可破碎.

The adjective adamant, which has replaced adamantine in current usage, means hard in the sense of inflexible, immovable, unyielding.
在现代用法中, 形容词adamant已经取代了adamantine, 表示"坚硬"的引申义为: 不灵活的, 不可动摇的, 坚定不屈的.

词组/短语:

be adamant in/about: 在某事上态度坚决
refuse to give in: 拒绝让步/不妥协
refer to: 指的是
be believed to be: 被认为是……
in the sense of: 在……意义上
opposition to (something): 对某事的反对
in current usage: 在现今的用法中

Word 16: SPORADIC

Occasional, infrequent, irregular, not constant, happening from time to time, occurring in a scattered or random way.
偶尔的, 不频繁的, 无规律的, 非持续的, 时不时发生的, 以零散或随机的方式发生的.

A business venture may have sporadic success.
一项商业冒险可能会取得零星的成功.

A gambler's luck may be sporadic.
赌徒的运气可能是时好时坏.

Sporadic crimes are crimes scattered throughout a city or neighborhood.
零星犯罪是指散布在城市或社区各处的犯罪活动.

Sporadic outbreaks of a disease in the population are occasional, isolated outbreaks.
人群中某种疾病的零星爆发是指偶然的, 孤立的暴发.

Antonyms of sporadic include constant, incessant, and unremitting.
sporadic的反义词包括: 持续的, 不停的, 不间断的.

词组/短语:

from time to time: 不时地, 偶尔
in a scattered way: 以分散的方式
at random/in a random way: 随机地
be scattered throughout……: 分散在……各处

Word 17: VANGUARD

The forefront of an action or movement, leading position or persons in a movement: "They were in the vanguard of the war on poverty."
行动或运动的最前沿, 在运动中处于领先地位的位置或人物: "他们处于反贫困斗争的最前沿."

In its strict military sense, vanguard means the troops moving at the head of an army, the part of the army that goes ahead of the main body, an advance guard.
从严格的军事意义上讲，vanguard指的是在军队最前方行进的部队, 即走在主力部队之前的部分，也就是"前卫"或"先遣队".

词组/短语:

In the vanguard of: 处于……的最前沿/领先地位
The forefront of: ……的最前线, 中心
War on: 对……的斗争/宣战
At the head of: 在……的最前面, 领导……
Main body: (军队, 著作或机构的)主体, 大部队, 主力部队
Advance guard: 先遣队, 前卫
go ahead of: 走在……前面/领先

Word 18: CONCUR

To agree, be in accord with, unite in opinion.
同意, 与……一致, 在观点上达成统一.

Concur comes from the Latin con-, together, and currere, to run, flow, and means literally to run or flow together, go along with.
Concur 源自拉丁语: con-（一起）和 currere (奔跑, 流动)，字面意思是"共同奔跑或流动", "随之而行"

That derivation has led to three slightly different meanings of the word.
这种词源演变出了该词的三种略有不同的含义.

First, concur may be used to act together, combine in having an effect, as "Time and chance concurred in our success."
第一, concur可以表示共同作用, 合力产生效果，例如: "时间和机遇共同促成了我们的成功."

Second, concur may be used to mean happen together, occur at the same time, coincide, as "His pay raise concurred with his promotion."
第二, concur 可以表示同时发生, 在同一时间出现, 重合, 例如: "他的加薪与升职同时发生."

The third and most common meaning of concur is to agree, as "Your story concurs with theirs";

第三, 也是最常见的意思是同意, 例如: "你的说法与他们的一致";

"We concurred on almost every point of negotiation."
"几乎所有的谈判要点我们都达成了一致."

词组/短语:

Be in accord with: 与……一致, 符合.
Unite in opinion: 意见统一
Act together: 共同行动, 齐心协力
Combine in: 结合以实现(某种效果)
At the same time: 同时
concur with sth: 与……同时发生
concur with sb/sth: 与某人/某事一致
happen together: 一起发生
coincide with: 巧合发生
concur on sth: 在某事上达成一致

Word 19: PRECOCIOUSNESS

Early development or maturity, especially in mental ability.
早期发育或成熟, 尤其是在智力方面

The noun precociousness and the adjective precocious come from the Latin praecox, which means premature, or literally, "ripening before its time."
名词precociousness和形容词precocious源自拉丁语praecox, 意为"早产的, 过早的"，或者字面意思上的"在时间之前就成熟"

Precocious is most often used of children whose intellectual or emotional development is unusually advanced.
Precocious 最常用于形容那些在智力或情感发展方面异常超前的儿童

Precociousness, early development, is the opposite of retardation, slowness in development.
Precociousness, 早熟, 是retardation (发育迟缓,发展缓慢)的反义词.

词组/短语:

early development: 早期发展 (常用于心理学、教育、医学领域)
mental ability: 智力能力
be used of somebody/something: 用于描述(某类人/事)
Slowness in development: 发育迟缓

Word 20: Aloof

Apart, at a distance, removed, withdrawn, not wishing to speak or associate with others.
疏开的, 保持距离的, 孤立的, 沉默寡言的, 不愿与他人交谈或交往.

The aloof person is emotionally reserved and keeps a cool distance from others.
一个冷淡的人在情感上是内敛的，并与他人保持着一种冷漠的距离.

Aloofness means reluctance to get involved or take an interest in something.
Aloofness意味着不愿参与某事或对某事不感兴趣.

Synonyms of aloof include unsympathetic, unapproachable, standoffish, and indifferent.
Aloof 的同义词包括：冷漠的, 难以接近的, 冷淡/生硬的, 以及漠不关心的.

词组/短语:

At a distance: 保持一定距离, 在远处
Associate with (someone): 与某人交往, 与某人混在一起
Keep a distance (from others): 与(他人)保持距离
Get involved: 参与, 卷入
Take an interest in (something): 对……产生兴趣
reluctance to do something: 不情愿做某事
